[MUSIC]
I'm Guido van Rossum.
I created the Python language.
I have worked on Python for 25 years and
I have worked with a large group of
others of course in the Python community.
I'm very excited to see
you all in this class.
And I'm very proud that you're
using my language to learn.
Python is just the first step you're
setting on the path to programming.
There are many exciting things
to learn in programming.
Many that you can learn using Python, many
that you can learn using other things.
And you won't be alone.
There will be millions of people
who have gone before you or, or
who are learning Python
at the same time as you.
And you, you can help each other,
and you can learn together.
[MUSIC]